Well let's go to Mayne's he says.
For now we only have a four of five for the body.
Right.
So this is going to be the role for Marri But what are we going to do right.
Well we're going to get rid of these default margins and paddings.
So we're going to say select all we're going to say margin zero and paddings zero or here like this.
And once we have these two zeros and also we're going to have a box sizing here and we're going to say
more books.
And basically what I mean what do we mean by that is that once you actually set some kind of value to
any kind of element right if we're going to be changing anything with margins and paddings the actual
element is not going to get bigger.
It's actually what's going to happen that this is going to affect the inside of an element.
Right.
This is not going to affect the outside it's not going to become bigger at the margins and paddings
are going to work in work.
So we're here.
Well I'm sorry to paddings right now at the margins margins are actually going to work towards the outside
but departing is not going to work towards the outside.
So or here if we have a body.
And this is going to be fun family one way and then after that would we would want is now of links here
and we would want a list style type.
None because we would want to get rid of these both in points which we can see right now because we
got over the padding right but they're still there.
So I'm going to say and have links and what I'm going to say a list style type here and I'm going to
say in and then we're going to do a rule here we're going to sell property and I'm going to say this
plane but what I'm going to do right away I'm going to copping actually common this one out.
Right.
And the reason for that why we're using this plane on is first I want to style them and then actually
have this rule right.
And the reason for this rule is that once we go to the smaller screen.
Right.
What I want to do is once I refresh.
Right I want this links to be gone.
All right.
And only when I click the button or where right then I want them to actually appear and because otherwise
if I'm not using the display on there all the time once I go to the small screen aren't going to be
like this.
And that's not what I want.
Actually once I refresh the page I want them to be gone like this and only when I click the button I
want them to appear.
So what are you going do over here.
I'm going to say of lengths right now we have this play out.
And later on once we have styled them once you can actually see what we're doing then I'm going to come
and this one again out and here we're going to say is this is going to be Nav..
We're going to say links and we're going to Target or here the element right here we're going to we're
going to be targeting is the links going on here.
First I'm going to say this play and I'm going to say this play.
BLOCK So what's happening now.
They're displaying all across the screen.
Right.
100 percent.
Then we're going to have a padding and padding all around.
We're going to have a 20.
Right.
And the reason for display block is that you can see or hear as I'm hovering right doesn't mean I don't
need to be on here in order for the link to work.
All right.
So this is going to be panning 20.
Then we'll have a background hash tag 1 9 1 9 1 9 is going to be the black one that we're going to have
a font size.
This is going to be 17 pixels right here then we're going to have a text declaration for these on the
lines to be done to have a noun like this.
Then we're going to have a text transform uppercase text transformable we want to have a uppercase and
so now these links are going to look like this.
And then we're going to that car and the color over here is going to be a hash tag.
This is going to be 8 F C and then we're here then we're going to have a B F D B if the order.
So this is going to be this light blue color red and we're going to be using this quite often.
And then we would want a transition.
And so here you can see that as I'm hovering right fewer things are happening the colors are changing
and the background is changing and the batting you can see or hear is changing and all those things
you can actually do.
With the transition.
And basically what we're saying is that we would want that change to happen over time.
I think we can still just do it on a hover right but it's not going to look very pretty if we're doing
without transition.
Basically it's going to right away happen right.
So what's what's happening on here.
We're going to say transition here and we're going to say color 2 seconds is then we're going to have
a background here.
Two seconds each.
So these would be the properties that were in effect right.
These and all here will have a padding.
Two seconds each.
And let me go over what we're actually writing or here is right.
So what's happening is first what I'm saying what property shouldn't be affected by transition then
I'm saying how long this should take.
And I always use these two seconds because I just want us to see actual property that's changing right.
Most case scenarios you're also going to use something like 0.5 seconds or something like this right.
Because two seconds is quite long here.
This is what I'm saying how this transition should happen.
Right.
Does it start faster and faster or easier.
Now there's another option right now I'm just going with a pretty generic one with an ease.
Right.
And here or here I'm saying another property right is going to be the background again.
Two seconds each then another one is going to be bad.
Right.
So basically what I'm saying are here these are going to be the properties that are going to be affected.
And all here now going to write what should actually happen.
So I'm going to say now I have links here.
And however.
All right.
So I was I'm having de-link what should happen.
And once we have a link cover first thing we're going to say is going to be background background and
we're going to say all here hashtag this is going to be nine one and one and one.
And so as I'm hovering the background check right you can see that my is changing over two seconds as
I'm hovering.
Then after that what you want is a color.
And we would want a color to change and what would be the color we're going to say or the hash tag 0
3 2 and then we're going to say for three four three or say this and over here we can see as we're hovering.
Two things are changing right.
Background and color.
And after that all we want is padding left.
So I'm going to say we're here padding and we're going to say padding left and over here this is going
to be 20 pixels.
So we save this note here you can see what's happening.
Right.
So this is going to be on here instead of 20 sorry you know what let's do 30 because 20 wouldn't be
exactly the same.
That's why nothing was happening.
Over here as you can see right now right as I'm hovering and it's actually changing also on the padding
right.
Not just a color in the background and once we're done with these three.
Now would be the time for the icons.
However what's going to happen with icons.
I don't want them to actually appear on a smaller screen.
So over here with the nav icons.
What are all going to do over here.
I'm going to say now comes icons and I'm going to say this play I'm going to say actually this plane
edition totally didn't disappear once we're working with a smaller screen right now then what I would
want to do is deal with this not contain it or hear what I'm going to say that this is going to be in.
And I'm going to see that container container doing this and I'm going to say first and this should
have a padding of zero bottom and 20 pixels left and right here like this.
Then I'm going to add a background and the background is going to be here and then I'm going to say
2:55 255 and 255 0.4 And so it's going to be completely white collar.
However that person is going to be 0.5 or hear like this and it's going to be better seen once you can
actually have this background event.
Right.
So this is how it's going to look eventually.
Now obviously everything is white so we can see the difference.
No here now would want a broader bottom more bottom.
And this is going to be five pixels solid here like this.
And then we're going to have a hash tag.
This is going to be FCB and this is going to be a 8 year sorry a mistake.
So we're going to have eight FCB and if is going to have the.
All right.
So light blue color over here.
And I would want a display flex number for the work on display flex.
What I would want to do is actually create these elements so we can see them.
And so for the container image first I would want to change the size.
All right so now I'm selecting this image or what I'm going to say here that this is going to be a with
here of hundred pixels here.
All right so this is going to be hundred pixels.
And then over here would want another flex properties and we're not going to add right now because we're
not working on a flex yet or here.
Now let's go ahead and let's actually work with this button.
All right.
So let's create the button so we can see or I'm going to say bar one and bar two and bar three.
So all the bars that were created would be in the bottom more.
Three more here.
Now I would want a with.
And this is going to be 25 pixels then we're going to have a height of four pixels here.
They're going to have a margin of five pixels.
Now let's add the color so we can see what we're doing.
All right.
So again we're going to have a background and we're going to we're going to use this light color so
I'm going to copy and paste this here like this.
Right now I can see or hear this is going to be our button.
Right so if I go over here you can see these three lines right.
So this is going to be about an hour here.
And once we have this what I'm going to say or here is now I would want to work actually on the button
so I'm going to say over here this is going to be between.
And here this is going to be padding is going to be two pixels all around.
And then we're going to have a display an inline block like this.
Then we'll have a border border here and we're going to say we're here and this is going to be for pixels
solid.
And again we're going to use this light Great color over here.
Right.
And then we have a cursor going to say cursor and this is going to be a pointer.
So cursor and pointer.
So once we have these now we would want to use the flex box to actually line them up.
All right.
So we're going to go back to now container.
And over here we're going to send this play.
I'm going to say flex.
So now there is play flex then we'll have a justified content space between.
So now they look like this or here.
Then if we're going to go back to Nav. container so we're going to say a line self here self and we're
going to say Center.
So right away when we're doing we're placing all here this image right.
It's not anymore stretched right because by default the flex box is always going to stretch its elements
like this.
Right.
So what we're doing here we're saying we don't want to be stretch we saying lines self center.
And then after that we want to do is work over here with this button right and actually have the same
thing.
So I'm going to say over here a line self We're going to say Center.
That's right.
So now both of them are actually aligned or here in the center and now what we actually care about is
this change.
I so here you can see that as I'm pressing right something is happening.
Well two things are happening first of all which are you see or hear all our elements are appearing
and disappearing.
Right.
But also here these bars are changing.
And let's actually create a class that actually does this change.
Right.
So what I'm going to say here and there's going to be a class that's going to be called change here
and the change once I have the class change the bar one or here is going to have one effect.
Right.
And the effect is going to be transform.
We're here and we're going to say rotate and we're going to say negative 45 degrees.
Right.
And then we'll have a translator.
Why not just rotate but also translate.
And we're going to say negative 7 pixels here and this is going to be six pixels like this.
So this was four bar one and you can see or hear what's happening right.
So the bar one translate and transform and bar three over bar two we're just actually deleting it.
We're just we're setting opacity of zero.
So I'm saying here is that we can copy and paste this here two more times.
And this class is going to have an effect on different effect on the bar to it.
So this is going to be this more and we're going to say we're here and this is going to be opacity of
0 4.
All right.
So this is going to disappear.
And then for the March 3 again we're going to have a two of the same things rotate is going to be instead
of negative 45 right.
This is the bar three with one actually lift that up.
So this is going to be 45 degrees and this is going to be negative 7 and negative 8 so negative.
Now what is missing or here is the fact that again I want this change to happen over time.
So I'm going to go back over here to the barge right here.
We're going to write that this is going to be a transition here.
And again we'll have a what property should be effect and then we have a transform and we have opacity.
So these are two properties I don't worry about these values because we care only about properties.
So we're going to we're going to have a transform and this is going to be two seconds each and opacity
also two seconds.
So this is going to be for the bars.
But again this class is going to be only affected once we actually work with the Jake work right.
It's not going to appear anywhere in our HD and now we're actually only have this class once we press
the button and we're going to do it with the help of Jake.
So let's head actually and let's go and let's set it up.
This button that it wouldn't work.
Right.
So what I'm going to do or here I'm going to go back to my script readers or here.
Right we have now a document ready function.
All right we have everything more.
And over here what I'm going to say first right once I click the button I would want Actually these
links to appear and disappear.
Right.
So I'm going to say we're here and then I would want to select a button right or hit class Button.
And so this is the class with the button we're going to play is not and will say click.
So once we actually click it right now or hear what should happen here we're going to have a anonymous
function again like this.
And within this anonymous function we're going right over here that these now have links right.
Something shouldn't happen to them.
Right.
So first of all we need to do is select them like this and we're going to have links right and over
here we're going to say that this is going to be a slide toggle.
Right and that's the function we're interested in here.
We're going to say that this should happen over a span of time.
Right.
All right.
Three seconds.
Now again this is a little bit over exaggerated right.
Probably you would want something quicker but I just like it when it's actually happening longer or
here like this because then we can actually see what's happening.
What I'm going to do or here I'm just going to say this right a novel length slide toggle.
Let's actually see what happens.
Right.
Is it working.
Sure enough right.
So as I'm clicking on here you can see that links are appearing and actually disappear.
Right now what we want to do.
All right.
We would want to actually see what would be the issue.
Right.
So I'm going to go back to our Codemasters site and you can see that once I refresh these links are
always here right.
And remember what we needed to do.
We went to Maine back to Maine she says we're going to go back to now links in or here this plane.
Right.
And what I'm going to do here now they're actually disappearing by default.
All right so if I'm saying this and if I refresh or hear not exceeded they're gone.
However as I press it right now my links are actually up here right.
Because obviously you can see later on once you're going to go back to the different screen right.
There's going to be different.
And that's the reason for that.
Now what I also want to do is add here does change remember this class right through these bars on this.
Right.
So how do I do that.
We're going to go back to a now.
I'm certain the script right and everything is happening as I'm pressing the button.
All right so still within the curly braces and all hinges parentheses what are we going to say or here
is that we will once again for the button you know this we're going to say we will want to select the
actual button.
Right.
So instead of selecting a number of links.
Now we want to select the actual button on here and all this is going to again have a toggle class.
Basically we're going to add the change class once we click click in once and then remove it and we
can do this by doing this toggle class once or here we're going to say we're here to change what what
is the class name we're going to say on here and this is going to be change.
Right.
Once we have this I can say with over here and you can see what's happening.
Right as I click it.
Right now the bars are working here.
Click it again and the change is actually not work right.
So basically we do this by just going all this class then once we're done with this we can actually
go ahead and can work all here on this banner.